I can also praise him for being a good dog
A bunch of ignorant stubbornness
Song Yang, don't be strong, okay?
Everyone here today
Which is not the top talent in Jiangsu?
Young hero
ordinary person
I'm not even qualified to see this door
What are you?
Dare to say we are playing cool
The nouveau riche mentality of the poor
Never seen the scenery of the upper class
I thought I was a bit talented
Can it be comparable to us?
You are not allowed to talk about my father
My dad was better than all of you
Ouch Sun Yang
Although you are not good in other aspects
But I have to say you have a great daughter too
Let's take a look.
How much this little brat trusts his crap dad
Hey my eyes
My ability
It's not that you stubborn kids can understand
You just have to remember
You will be shocked by what you said today
Dare hoho
Song Yang is enough
It goes on forever, right?
If it weren't for Li
I will always come forward to help you get back the 100 million.
My husband has long since abolished my hands and feet
When a beggar goes
One is only a little bit relying on the Li family
Waste of micro-ink ability
Do you still want to turn the sky upside down?
I really think the Li family can protect you for the rest of your life, Mr. Li
He just sees you as pitiful
You do have a little help for Mr. Li
He's willing to give you a hand
If you continue to be so ignorant
I don't need you someday
No place to cry
Okay, stop talking nonsense with him
If you are not a member of the Chamber of Commerce, you dare to enter the venue
I'm going to break your leg now.
No one dared to say anything
I advise you.
If you are sensible, get out by yourself
Don't make me ask someone to throw you out
And I'm here today.
So what if you don't go?
Then don't blame me
Come
Throw him out of here and you can't disturb dad
My dad is thrifty
Diligent Dad, take out Diligent
Husband, is this Sister Qin real?
Money is real
Where did you come from, Sister Qin?